Fix morpho chain id deserializtion (#9974)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

Changelog
=========

> * :bug:`-` Fix the chain id deserialization errors that break decoding on ethereum and base.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :bug:`-` Ethereum and base transaction decoding should now work fine again after the morpho API deserialization problems.
```
